Replace blacklisting with less jargon. Fixes #2654 (#2656)
babel/website: docs/preset-env.md

The possible options are the same as the `include` option.

> This option is useful for `exclud`ing a transform like `@babel/plugin-transform-regenerator` if you don't use generators and don't want to include `regeneratorRuntime` (when using `useBuiltIns`) or for using another plugin like [fast-async](https://github.com/MatAtBread/fast-async) instead of [Babel's async-to-gen](plugin-proposal-async-generator-functions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is useful for excluding a transform like `@babel/plugin-transform-regenerator` if you don't use generators and don't want to include `regeneratorRuntime` (when using `useBuiltIns`) or for using another plugin like [fast-async](https://github.com/MatAtBread/fast-async) instead of [Babel's async-to-gen](plugin-proposal-async-generator-functions.md).
```
